when we took only the top results last
time we noticed that hey if you're
willing to scroll past the sponsored
first result Amazon actually provides
very clear guidance for what they feel
is the best choice with this helpful
little badge but should we trust it I
mean on the one hand I'm sure that Mr
Bezos would only mine the finest of data
from our purchases and reviews and use
that to lead us to the promised land of
value PC gaming Town surely he would
never use his powers for capitalistic
evil but of course on the other hand
reality so we built a second all Amazon
PC this time using only their overall
pick to see if beating back the title
wave of sponsored crap really is as
simple as just trusting Amazon the guys
who sold us out in the first place will
it be better let's find out after this
segue the segue this segue this segue to
our sponsor ug green their Uno series of
charging accessories may have cute
little faces but that doesn't make them
any less featur so add some fun to the
boring Act of charging your devices
check them out using our links and save
big during their Black Friday
sale my first question was what exactly
is is the overall pick badge well based
on what we can find it looks like it was
added to their Amazon's Choice system
back in 20123 and in a nutshell it takes
our herd mentality concept so the idea
of just buying whatever's popular cuz
Hey it couldn't be that bad to a whole
new level to become an overall pick
though an item must not only be
purchased often it also needs a fourstar
rating or greater and must be returned
infrequently
that extra bit of data about returns is
what makes this such a GameChanger
exposing that to Shoppers makes sense
for everyone the buyer the seller and
even Amazon themselves I mean nobody
likes dealing with returns so the only
question is did it work if it did I
should have a high value high quality
and reliable computer and you know what
outside of a few odd choices this build
doesn't look half bad While most folks
probably don't need need a motherboard
with amd's premium x670 chipset the
tomahawk Wi-Fi from MSI is a pretty nice
board it's got an eight layer PCB PCI
Express Gen 5 on both the x16 and our
top m.2 slot loads of vrm cooling Solid
iio 2 and2 gig networking what's not to
love well for one thing apparently this
board doesn't like WD or Samsung drives
that's not going to be a deal breaker
for us because spoiler Amazon picked a
crucial vx500 for our system that we'll
talk about later but we're also going to
try a Samsung nvme drive just to see how
that goes before we can do that we need
to get this to a state where we can
actually boot it up though starting with
our CPU the ryzen 7 7700x for just
$245 now this was on a deep discount at
the time of purchase for a whopping 39%
off but hey I mean if that's what makes
something an overall pick I'm into it
it's eight cores 16 threads Zen 4 and
it'll boost to a Max of 5.4 GHz making
it pretty hard to beat at this price so
as you'd expect most of the complaints
about it were just about DOA chips or
empty boxes probably due to the shipment
being opened and intercepted annoying
but hardly amd's
fault for our ddr5 memory we ended up
with a sweet looking 32 gig kit from
Corsair but under the surface it runs at
6,400 megat transfers per second CL 36
that's not awful but most folks should
be shooting for about 10 NS of first
word latency these days especially now
that prices have come down if you want a
bit more detail about that stay tuned
for our next memory speed matters video
for now though I'm still feeling pretty
good about this Choice thanks to the low
number of onear reviews most of which
just seem to be complaining about DOA
products I mean to be clear DOA is bad
but course air support seems to fall
somewhere between adequate and hey maybe
even good so if you get unlucky reach
out and they should get you taken care
of oh you know who also has good support
LTT store.com check out the new
circuitry hoodie looks great feels great
and it's puny as all heck
circuitry now let's talk about our SSD
while there's nothing inherently wrong
with using a SATA SSD in 2024 I mean
they're perfectly fine for booting your
Os or running games it does feel like a
questionable choice for overall pick
when you can get an m.2 nvme drive for a
similar price for one thing they're
faster but perhaps more importantly if
you don't get care about performance you
don't need to mount nvme drives in your
case and then run two flipping cables to
them so when Amazon recommended that we
buy the BX 5001 tbte I was a little
surprised however we've had good
experiences with crucial drives overall
and it's easy to believe that Amazon has
too I mean heck I'd probably promote
this drive on my store if it had a 4.7
star rating with over
120,000 reviews I mean they're not all
good but the onear complaints are mostly
about right speeds and rmas neither of
which uh should affect us today for our
CPU Cooler I was pleasantly surprised to
see the Peerless assassin 120 SE I know
it's good you know it's good but was
Amazon going to know it's good
apparently yes and honestly there's
really not that much else to say about
this thing it's a great cooler from a
company that's been playing the game
just about as long as anyone and it
comes at a great price now let's fire it
up and see if this Samsung SSD works
H I guess before we can fire this up
we're probably going to need a power
supply Amazon suggested the
rm850x which is a little overkill for
our build today but it's a reputable
unit and it gives us some headro if we
want to upgrade our GPU down the line
also being 33% off at the time that
doesn't hurt now the key out among you
might have noticed something though we
thought we had an rm850x in our stock so
we didn't order one but it turns out we
have the shift version
we could have delayed the shoot but we
thought you know what shift happens and
it doesn't make a difference to
Performance
so time to get some modular cables
installed
power hey there we go all right
theoretically we should just fire up
into Windows unless it actually has
problems with Samsung drives did they
say what the compatibility issue is
supposed to be should just be
Motherboard BIOS update okay well
evidently ours is updated
so cool but we can't leave it like this
so we took Amazon's advice and bought a
Corsair 4000d airflow at full price
honestly it's a little on the expensive
side but at about 24% off it's hard to
say no we've built in this case plenty
of times and I like it it's thoughtfully
laid out easy to work in and most of the
low star reviews had to do with the lack
of space around the power supply unit
which uh we accidentally remedied by
going with the uh um side mounted
modular cables but you could also Remedy
by just plugging in your regular module
power supply cables ahead of time then
sliding the whole thing in and Finishing
Touch now for the moment you've all been
waiting for the GPU and wow okay no I'm
I'm kidding it's not going to be an
offbrand rx580 like last time instead
we've got something far more modern an
RTX 36 12 gig it's neither the latest
nor is it the greatest but it should do
us just fine for high-end 1080p gaming
or even 1440p in a pinch thanks to
Nvidia frame rate boosting features like
dlss most of the complaints about this
card had to do with them breaking down
overtime which can happen and it seems
like most of those folks were frustrated
that it happened past the return window
so maybe we found a fatal flaw in
Amazon's returned infrequently criteria
after all a card that can can't be
returned is not necessarily a card that
shouldn't be returned let's see if ours
Works hey there we go so overall we paid
$1,147 which is not too bad we've said
for years that this is Right Around The
Sweet Spot of price to Performance and
without even firing it up I can tell you
this is going to be a much better
machine than what we built last time
however the question isn't can we beat
last time the question is can we beat
this plof believes that his handpicked
configuration will outperform Mr bezos's
Tech tips while also being cheaper by
about $20 and I don't
believe I know a bold claim he is
rocking the same 7700x thanks to that
sweet deal but he managed slightly
faster memory a Gen 4 drive with a dam
cache and a Radeon 7700 XT sure we
downgraded to a motherboard that lacks
pcie Gen 5 and the H5 flow it's not as
premium a case as the 4000d airf flow
but man is that ever a lot of GPU and
the big surprise here is that almost all
of the deals that we found to build this
machine were on Amazon so if their
overall Choice was algorithmically
adjusted they could have offered us this
same config for just $60 more than what
we paid so let's see if he slayed the
dragon starting with Horizon zero Dawn
so 1080p quity ultimate ultimate quality
okay I mean oh hamburgers I know that
we're in different zones yeah but still
I I've got like over 50 or 60 FPS higher
than you yeah this is not close I I
don't think it's close at all I've got
almost twice the
frames it's not a perfect scientific
benchmarking system we're doing here but
uh I don't think even if I go to the
same spot as you I'm gonna suddenly
shoot down to like 83 FPS let's go to
another game let's check another game
hold on I want to try turning on frame
gen I can use
dlss it's still not as good no it's
really not yeah that actually didn't
boost your FPS as much as I thought it
would it's
higher but not by a lot do I have amd's
upscaling method with super resolution
so don't get me wrong it's not as good
it's not as good I don't even like dlss
yeah cuz I can tell when it's on
but now I'm getting almost 200 frames a
second well okay it dipped a lot but I'm
170 160 especially in a game with a lot
of nature a lot of trees I know it looks
so bad it looks so bad it I can't I
can't do it even this you can see well
you're a diva look at this you can see
the shimmering I can't do it okay we're
at different spots okay that's fine I've
kind of got a bit more going on I mean I
don't it's oh my God look at this 47 43
my 1% lows are 90 it's amazing what
skimping on basically everything but
your GPU and then blowing as much money
as possible on your GPU will do for your
gaming experience at higher resolutions
or higher detail levels oh yeah and we
didn't even skimp that much these are
all pretty brand name parts I chose you
know no weird thermal T power supplies
or anything like that yeah what power
supply do you have uh also Corsair but I
went down 100 Watts I don't think this
is any kind of contest I don't really
think we need to run any more games I
think this has been very much settled at
this
point overall then the system is nowhere
near as bad as last time we were given
decent products from reputable Brands
sometimes even at a great price but
while the 3060 12 gig is a perfectly
cromulent card if you want to game at
1080p well medium depending on the game
we'll have it linked down below along
with everything else it's impossible to
avoid the truth that it is getting a
little long in the tooth especially if
you consider that 50 Series is rumored
to be right around the corner along with
this segue to our sponsor our sponsor
our
sponsor our sponsor ug green you know
what can be a bit boring charging your
devices I mean it's such a mundane task
you'll plug in your iPhone when it's
dead you sit there and wait for it to
get enough juice so you can send a text
well ug green wants to add a little
spice to your life with their Uno series
of charging accessories they have all
the ugreen power delivery and
reliability we've grown to love but the
twist is that now every product in this
lineup has a TFT smart display that
shows your charging status in the form
of a cute little Emoji for example check
out their Uno Gan 100w charger it's got
three USBC ports one usba a port and
according to ug Green's tests it can
take an iPhone 16 from 0 to 57% in just
30 minutes you can also check out their
Uno magnetic 15 wat power bank it's ch2
certified with a maximum output of 15
watts a capacity of 10,000 milliamp
hours and it even has a built-in stand
to prop up your device while it's
charging so learn more using our links
and save big during their Black Friday
sale down below if you guys enjoyed this
video be sure to check out the one where
we built a PC using only the top search
result spoiler it was pretty much all
sponsored products and a lot of them
kind of sucked